Fuu?
We need to go shopping.
I know.
It's the anniversary of
your dad's death, right?
Go get ready.
I can go by myself.
That's how it is every year.
Let me come with you.
"The Boy Next World My Destiny"
(Episode 7)
(Yutori: Fuu, are you okay?)
(Naruka: We're all here for you.)
(Adachi: Hey, say
something! Are you alright?)
(Fuu: I'm fine.)
Sara-senpai?
(Fuu: I'm with my boyfriend right now.)
That should do it.
Wow.
They all got quiet right away.
- Thank you for your business.
- Thanks.
It's okay.
I'll pay.
Alright.
Thank you. Come again.
Let's go.
Thanks.
Hot, hot, hot!
Give it to me.
Ah.
- Is it good?
- Yeah.
What's next...?
It's about time for a meal.
Yeah.
Slumming it with the poors is contagious.
I'll arrange it as soon as possible.
It's been a while.
Auntie.
(Sengokuen Chinese Pub)
You must be tired from running around.
I wanted to come along.
I really respected your father.
Even though I never met him.
The Gomoku Yakisoba here...
was my dad's favorite.
All of this was, too.
I buy all of this every year.
Always by yourself?
I just prefer to be alone on this day.
It's always been that way.
They don't have it here either.
Is this right?
Not these flowers?
They were my dad's favorite.
In your world, did you
buy these every year too?
So that means...
even in the other world, my dad is gone.
But the Fuu over there is lucky.
He has you by his side, Sara-senpai.
Oh, sorry.
I was just kidding. Just thinking out loud.
The past can't be changed,
but I'll always be here for you.
I promise.
What the hell? You said
it was an emergency...
You little brat.
What are you doing here?
Have you seen Sara?
Sara-senpai isn't coming.
Huh?
I asked him
to get you to come here, Taiga-senpai.
Come on, let's go. It's urgent.
What for?
The last screening of a movie I've been
wanting to see starts in 15 minutes.
- No way. I never said I'd go.
- Stop complaining.
This way.
Why does Sara even listen to this kid?
He doesn't listen to a word I say.
What are you laughing at?
Just pay attention.
Don't blame me if you
can't follow the plot.
Is this where you used to live?
Yeah.
I lived here until high school.
I have someone look after it,
so it's still pretty clean inside.
Let's go in.
You don't have to force a smile.
You don't have to act tough around me.
But I don't want anyone to know
that I'm actually still hurting.
I already know.
Fuu?
Hayato.
Muscat grapes,
rice crackers,
fried chicken,
and Gomoku Yakisoba.
I brought them all today.
Is this okay?
Thank you.
But what brings you here today?
Oh.
My mom told me to come check on you.
Everyone misses you.
Sorry, I haven't been in touch lately.
I thought you'd be here
alone again this year.
You surprised me.
Oh.
This is Hayato,
my cousin.
And this is Sara-senpai,
my senior from university.
Actually...
I'm Fuu's boyfriend.
Well...
It seems that's not quite the case.
I will be one day.
I'm sure of it.
I'll wait for you guys outside.
Thanks.
Dad,
did you see that?
It looks like your son has
finally fallen for someone.
That was so awkward.
Where are we going next?
There's a restaurant nearby.
How did you get Sara to listen to you?
If I tell you,
will you go to the movies with me again?
I made a deal with him.
If I got you out of the house,
he'd get some alone time with Fuu.
Let's go see a movie.
Come on.
No.
You're so annoying.
Stop asking me.
Let's go.
- No.
- Please?
I said no.
But you really want to see that movie.
Stop reading my mind.
I'm not reading it.
I just hear it automatically
when I'm close.
Shut up.
Taiga-senpai's inner world...
I figured as much.
Sara-senpai is so quiet, though.
You're friends, but you're total opposites.
Why don't we help each other out?
Get Taiga-senpai to
meet you at the theater.
If you ask, he'll
definitely show up, right?
Why would I do that?
The day after tomorrow is the anniversary.
We usually all get together that night.
You don't want to be interrupted, do you?
Sara.
You sold me out?
Yeah, I did.
Aren't we childhood friends?
What should we see for our next date?
Let's give Fuu and uncle some space.
So?
Who exactly are you to Fuu?
Besides that "future lover" line.
I'm just...
a man who wants to take care of him.
What does that mean?
Let me ask you this.
Can you promise never to make him sad?
That's...
But,
I will always be by Fuu's side.
That much I can promise.
Taking care of Fuu...
it's not that simple.
Are you leaving already?
I'll leave the rest to you.
Why trust me?
Because this is the first time
Fuu has ever brought
someone here on this day.
My dad...
loved his son more than anyone in the
world.
He was the kindest, coolest person ever.
We don't have a grave for him.
It was his final wish.
His ashes were scattered at sea.
But Fuu didn't agree with it.
I still hate the idea.
Because Fuu...
Because even if he's just ashes,
I still wanted him to be near me.
I can't do this.
I didn't want to cry in front of my dad.
You've worked so hard, Fuu.
I've seen it all along.
I'm not doing well at all.
I'm just pretending to be okay.
Sorry for the late introduction.
My name is Sara Kogami.
My life has always felt empty.
I had no goals, nothing I wanted to do.
But...
everything changed when I met Fuu.
He gave me a reason to live.
I'll spend the rest of my
life taking care of him.
Fuu...
I love you.
Please...
Just a little longer.
Just a little more time...
Please let me stay with him.
Senpai, wait up!
Senpai!
When are you free next?
You don't have class on Wednesday, right?
I told you, I'm not going.
Stop following me...
Why?
I've been chasing you this whole time.
Huh?
Well then...
See you Monday.
What's wrong?
Can't sleep?
At times like this...
I usually go for a drive.
But the engine is being repaired.
Wasn't it just a scratch on the door?
Huh?
How did you know about the scratch?
Hey!
Hurry up!
I'm working on it!
What are you doing?
So Sara-senpai was the
one protecting my car?
Because...
that car is a memento
of your father, right?
But...
why go to such lengths?
I haven't done anything
for you, Sara-senpai...
I don't need anything.
Just...
let me stay by your side.
Fuu.
What is it?
Why didn't you wake me up?
Please just go.
If this keeps up...
I won't be able to handle it.
Please go back to your own world.
Now.
Fuu, do you want me to leave?
But... it's the only way.
I can't go back.
There must be a way. If we just look...
I'll help you.
Why all of a sudden?
The one you truly love...
The one you want to take care of forever...
isn't *this* Fuu, is it?
The Fuu in the other world
lost his lover so suddenly...
I know how he feels.
Because I lost my dad, too.
No, that's not it.
Listen to me.
I'm just a replacement.
I shouldn't let myself fall for you.
I'm sorry.
There's something I have to tell you.
No.
I don't want to hear it.
Fuu...
Don't come any closer.
Fuu!
Sara-senpai?
No!
Sara-senpai!
I don't want you to die.
Wake up...
Sara-senpai...
Sara-senpai.
Senpai, you're awake?
Are you okay?
Who are you?